Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. - William S. Burroughs
Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It’s the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with. - Adam Ant
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. - Benjamin Franklin
Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you. - Anne Lamott
You cannot always control what goes on outside, but you can always control what goes on inside. - Wayne Dyer
It’s okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up.  - Karen Salmansohn
What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation. - Glenn Close
Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength. - Charles Spurgeon
Don’t believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that – thoughts. - Allan Lokos
Feelings are just visitors, let them come and go. - Mooji
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. - Etty Hillesum
Healing takes time, and asking for help is a courageous step. - Mariska Hargitay
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment. - Stephen Covey
Self-care is how you take your power back. - Lalah Delia
Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. - A.A. Milne
Peace begins with a smile. - Mother Teresa
Rest and self-care are so important. When you take time to replenish your spirit, it allows you to serve others from the overflow. - Eleanor Brown
Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can. - Louisa May Alcott
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. - J.K. Rowling
It’s not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it. - Hans Selye
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. - Swedish Proverb
Talk to yourself like someone you love. - Brené Brown
Sometimes you just need to talk about something—not to get sympathy or help, but just to kill its power by allowing the truth of things to hit the air. - Karen Salmansohn
Taking care of yourself doesn’t mean me first, it means me too. - L.R. Knost
Breath is the power behind all things. I breathe in and know that good things will happen. - Tao Porchon-Lynch
Train your mind to see the good in every situation. - Unknown
One small crack does not mean that you are broken; it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart. - Linda Poindexter
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action. - Walter Anderson
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. - William James
Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you. - Anne Lamott
Your calm mind is the ultimate weapon against your challenges. So relax. - Bryant McGill
Mindfulness isn’t difficult. We just need to remember to do it. - Sharon Salzberg
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
The mind is its own place and in itself, can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. - John Milton
Feelings are just visitors. Let them come and go. - Mooji
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it. - Lou Holtz
Slow breathing is like an anchor in the midst of an emotional storm: the anchor won’t make the storm go away, but it will hold you steady until it passes. - Russ Harris
Rule your mind or it will rule you. - Horace
Anxiety happens when you think you have to figure everything out all at once. Breathe. You’re strong. You’ve got this. Take it day by day. - Karen Salmansohn
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. - Robert J. Sawyer
You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you. - Dan Millman
The only thing more exhausting than having a mental illness is pretending like you don’t. - Unknown
If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward. - Martin Luther King Jr.
You are not your illness. You have an individual story to tell. You have a name, a history, a personality. Staying yourself is part of the battle. - Julian Seifter
Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it. - Dorothy M. Neddermeyer
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Self-care is giving the world the best of you, instead of what’s left of you. - Katie Reed
Mental health is not a destination, but a process. It’s about how you drive, not where you’re going. - Noam Shpancer